gamify + shorts + quick nav
❯ use playwright to explore it, One thing I find wrong is that when I'm for example       
  in the vaporizer bottom position, and I click "Transition to Truck," sometimes it       
  results in "Succeeded," and it goes to truck, but it should go to either top or         
  bottom. I don't know what is the case, but if it goes wrong, if it fails to go to       
  that position, I mean, it fails to open the transition, then we go to actually it       
  should not fail to open the transition, it should just link to the transition, I        
  think, right? Or no? Also, maybe we need some deeper restructuring even in a            
  template. I'm not sure, but when I'm in a position, and I click on a transition, it     
  should have like 65 chances of success. Then, there's 65 success if I land there.       
  But there are so many 65s, it's like, yeah, right now, if I'm on a position page,       
  not click on a transition and it fails, it should send us back in place. If it          
  succeeds, you should go to the transition, and then there we ask the question.          
  Also, we have a very sick problem of lots of 404s that means we have lots of            
  missing transitions. I think then, from those transitions, we usually end up not in     
  a role page. We should end up practically almost always in top or bottom. There         
  are a few exceptions, like 50/50 or the saddle position or standing up, where it's      
  truly neutral, but usually, there's a top and a bottom position. Also, when you go      
  into a page underneath the title, immediately underneath the title, you should see      
  a picture of what the movie looks like, like a YouTube video that got cut off and       
  it's on repeat, on mute, from point A to point B. There should be in all position       
  transitions and submissions templates there should be a video for this. Actually,       
  even in other content forms, there can be space for that for finding a video and        
  allowing a start point and an end point, and a YouTube video URL. I will later ask      
  you to create a script which is similar to some scripts we have. This script is         
  going to call Claude from the command line and it's going to ask it to search on        
  the web for a YouTube video. For example, in the case of transitions, we can create     
  these very short videos so people understand the moves available. These                 
  transitions can be shown in the transition cards and beneath your moves, we see one     
  transition to another transition with four degrees of success in that card. We          
  also see a thumbnail of the video or we see those videos on repeat. Oh, we see a        
  thumbnail, and when we hover, we see a GIF, or a WebGL, or the YouTube video            
  itself. Whichever is best. I don't know what do you think? How would you solve          
  this? How would you design this architecture, plan this, and also plan to spawn the     
  sub-workers? Plan to spawn some engineers from your team to solve that in               
  parallel, whilst the others plan this new feature, and then in a later round,           
  implement it.

how about positions are pictures and transitions are short videos?
  
auth + save progress
    id like to enable people to login/signup using clerk
    to save their progress like what % of the game they know very well, 
    and what % of the game they need to learn

ambition:
    Diogo: My ambition with BJJGraph is to create a state-machine / graph with positions being states and transitions between states having some probabilities (with variations depending on who you are, learning curves, etc). Essentially map the game of bjj just like quant analysts do for other competitive sports like football where probabilities and uncertainties per player and team are estimated. Knowing this, and knowing your personal roll matches history, or even fine grained details like your app does, we should be able to tell what you're good at (and print out a game plan for you to act on competition) and what you're lacking (and print out some drills / techniques / principles for you to learn)
    AI tells you what you're got at (based on answers guesses / failed)
    AI tells you what you're bad at
    AI tells you gameplan for competition (inc principles + drills of things you do well + dont do well)
    (later person can also add videos of him / notes / ai transcripts and get recomendations)
    
404 should show the leftside bar so people can search. 404 should also show option to create new page in this url -> links to github create file blob main yeah pr year?
